hi atmosphere
although I'm like willy rex is because
what
because we are taking music
I'm not drinking but we have not finished
watch
well now we are playing and we are
very happy and celebrating because we are
playing drum roll to fall
two
plants vs
i
they expelled for served because I was
you doing something else instead of
play this great game
the hurry
pizza and spray
and that was all for the day yes except the
girl for the day of love
the woman we hope you have a super
all right
for example my dad
because we are pure woman in our
family took us to eat Chinese food
who laughs
and then I like it with the hula and the
iso mojito stopped for me good for
both but it's still a gift of something
so now we're going to the game and the
problem was that in this one you can not
kill party because only
we have xbox 360 so
I 'm still with the so next to
buy me the water not the 4
so that they know that in the xbox
360 can not play split screen
in plants versus zombies
only one by one and they have to have a
hard disk
a memory of the for example if
has one of four helps you can not
because you have to put a hard drive and
it does not serve you, it does not serve you a pendrive
it has to be original as well as see
these
of eight days minimum and in addition
you have to have xbox live the good thing that
we can bring two days of xbox live
as free but if you do not have you can not
play because he does not have a companion mode
the engineer
and they do not talk we are afraid of them
A) Yes
Yes Yes Yes
yes
love
mate
an afternoon where
It is the best
besides plants like I do not like like
I shoot a lot
I hope that
you can change people
difficult now and while the front just
in front
feeding talking the microphone but
is a good
the problem with this is that we can only
do
to see their
actually
and there go immerse yourself in the
depths
the one who insanely submits
and good
my turn
I have
also versions of your
look how he walks and many votes
but looking
why
same
kill it move it
it's difficult because you have to squeeze
all the time the trigger
but that's where the game ended
one
let's elaborate as a very notorious in
then
line to the cheek
and nothing
the English that we learned in our
our trip
primitive
and not
two
it's known
for this week we recommend you to spend
through the channel of a girl who is already
three years on youtube and has achieved
Enchant everyone with its use and it is carlita
our new second friends
ah